Welcome to the first of three intermissions.
This will be a lot of fun.
In each of the three intermissions in this course
we're going to have a presentation exercise by you
and then a critique and discussion of one
of my presentations.
I strongly recommend please that you complete
all three intermissions as you work your way
through the course.
I want you to please notice how you're progressing
and how much better your presentation became
throughout the course.
There's three parts to this and all of the intermissions.
There are three intermissions and three parts
to each of them.
The first part is a presentation exercise.
The second part is an exercise critiquing
the presentation that you gave.
And the third part is a discussion and critique
of one of my presentations which in this
current intermission is going to be a discussion
and critique of a TedX talk that I gave.
Thanks.